hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1982 science fiction classic
Blade Runner so let's get started an
important thing to note about this film
is that it had several different
releases but we're gonna focus on the
2007 Final Cut is this is the one that
is seen as canon for the upcoming Blade
Runner 2049 the film begins in Los
Angeles in 2019
ex-cop Rick Deckard is being detained by
officer gaffe and is brought before his
former supervisor Harry Bryant Decker
used to work as a Blade Runner which
involved tracking down biologically
engineered beings known as replicant and
would retire aka kill the robots
daggered is asked to come back to the
job to track down for replicants that
have came to earth illegally in order to
extend their lifespans which is supposed
to be just for four years Deckard
watches a video of another Blade Runner
giving a replicant to avoid contests
which is used to determine if the
subject is a human or a replicant based
off their emotional responses the
subject Leon
shoots and kills the Blade Runner after
being asked about his mother
Leon along with three other replicants
Roy batty Zora and Priss
our targets Deckard is asked to retire
Deckard eventually agrees to pursue the
replicants Deckard begins investigating
the Tyrell corporation the company that
made the Nexus 6 models the version of
the replicants that his targets are he
wants to know if the test will work on
the newer models and meets dr. Eldon
Tyrell the initial creator of the
replicants and his assistant Rachael an
experimental replicant who believes
she's actually human she has been given
false memories for a more real emotional
response making testing very difficult
while Deckard is pursuing the replicants
the replicants are searching for dr.
Tyrell in order to extend their
lifespans Roy and Leon investigate a
replicant manufacturing lab and learn of
a genetic designer jf Sebastian who
works with dr. Tyrell eventually press
locate Sebastian and manipulates him
into siding with her
meanwhile Rachel visits Deckard at his
apartment to prove that she is human by
showing him a family photo
but Deckard explains that her memories
are false taken from dr. Tyrells knees
and she leaves in tears while searching
Leon's apartment Deckard finds a photo
of Zora and a synthetic snake scale and
leads him to the strip club where Zara
works Deckard kills Zora and shortly
after is told by Bryant that he needs to
retire Rachel as she has escaped from
the Tyrell corporation Deckard spots
Rachel but is attacked by Leone and
eventually Rachel kills Leone using
Deckard's gun the two go back to
Decker's apartment and Deckard promises
not to track her down at Sebastian's
apartment Roy tells press and the other
replicants are dead
sebastian decides to continue to help
them as he has an aging disorder which
causes him to die at a much faster rate
much like the replicants Sebastian and
Roy enter dr. Tyrells penthouse and Roy
demands for dr. Tyrell to extend his
life Tyrell tells Roy that it's
impossible to extend his life and
eventually Roy kills him
Sebastian Roy take an elevator down
together and though not shown is implied
that Roy kills Sebastian back at
Sebastian's apartment Deckard is
ambushed by press but he manages to kill
her as Roy returns Roy begins to die
from reaching the end of his lifespan
and begins to chase Deckard ending up on
the roof Deckard tries to jump to
another roof but misses and is left
hanging Roy easily makes the jump and
pulls Deckard up as Roy's time runs out
he says that his memories will be lost
in time like tears in the rain
officer gaff arrives and shouts to
Deckard about Rachel saying it's too bad
she won't live but then again who does
Deckard returns to his apartment finding
Rachel safe in his bed Deckard finds a
small tinfoil origami unicorn on the
floor from death and recalls gaffs final
words the unicorn refers to a dream that
Deckard had earlier in the film implying
that officer gaff knew what Deckard was
dreaming about because Deckard himself
was in fact a replicant Deckard and
Rachel quickly leave the apartment as
the film ends so that was the spoilers
for Blade Runner if you have another
film you'd like to see me spoil please
let me know in the comments below
remember to like and subscribe and
thanks for watching